Add function API examples and documentation (#130)
kyma-incubator/hydroform: function/examples/README.md

> # function-examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Function Examples
```

## Overview

This module contains examples showing how to use Function API.

## Operators

> Operators allow to perform two operations on given resources: `apply` and `delete`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operators allow you to perform these two operations on the given resources: `apply` and `delete`. 
```

> Both operations may accept callbacks that will be executed before and/or after each operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both operations can accept callbacks that will be executed before and/or after each operation.
```

> The library contains two implementations of operator interface: `GenericOperator` and `TriggersOperator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library contains two implementations of an operator interface: `GenericOperator` and `TriggersOperator`.
```

Examples:

> * [apply operation](./cmd/operator/apply/main.go)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Apply operation](./cmd/operator/apply/main.go)
```

Reviewer: Simply because we [capitalize first letters in bullet points](https://kyma-project.io/community/guidelines/content/#formatting-formatting-ordered-and-unordered-lists).

> * [delete operation](./cmd/operator/delete/main.go)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Delete operation](./cmd/operator/delete/main.go)
```

## Callbacks

> Callbacks are optional functions provided by function API user to be executed before and/or after each operation. User may chain callbacks by providing multiple functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Callbacks are optional Functions that you can provide to execute them before and/or after each operation. You can chain callbacks by providing multiple Functions.
```

Reviewer: `may` -> `can` is a preferential change but it is simply more "tangible" this way. I also changed passive voice to active as this is the preferable form in our docs.

Examples:

> * [pre-operation](./cmd/callbacks/pre/main.go)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Pre-operation](./cmd/callbacks/pre/main.go)
```

> * [post-operation](./cmd/callbacks/pre/main.go)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Post-operation](./cmd/callbacks/pre/main.go)
```

## Manager

> Manager allows to controll the hierarchy of the operators in `parent` - `children` relation. It handles the life cycle of objects created by the operators and tracks the references between the objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Manager allows you to control the hierarchy of the operators in the parent-children relation. It handles the life cycle of objects created by the operators and tracks the references between the objects.
```

Reviewer: Although I am not sure if `Manager` should be capitalized.

Author: `Manager` is a type name.

Example:

> * [sibling-children owner references](./cmd/manager/main.go) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Sibling-children owner references](./cmd/manager/main.go) 
```

## Workspace initialization show case

> An [example](./cmd/init/main.go) application that shows how to integrate Function API to to initialize the serverless workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [sample](./cmd/init/main.go) application that shows how to integrate the Function API to initialize the serverless workspace.
```

> An [example](./cmd/init/main.go) application that shows how to integrate Function API to to initialize the serverless workspace.

Author: The motivation was as follows:
- the `apply` example was rewritten and now it is much simpler (and shorter code); it does not require any arguments
- the `init` example still requires arguments; the `README.md` contains the output of the `--help` option

> An [example](./cmd/init/main.go) application that shows how to integrate Function API to to initialize the serverless workspace.

Reviewer: I think it would be good in general to list all examples somehow here in the README.md, but that can be done in a separate PR once `sync` is added.
